Create framework for upcoming dbGaP chapter (#34)
fhdsl/Data_on_AnVIL: 04-accessing_controlled_data_dbGaP.Rmd

```{r, include = FALSE}
ottrpal::set_knitr_image_path()
knitr::opts_chunk$set(out.width = "100%")
```

# With dbGaP {#accessing-dbgap}

This vignette is currently under construction!

There are two main steps for accessing controlled data in dbGaP:

1. Link your NIH account to your AnVIL (Terra) account. 

1. Bring data into your workspace.

## Link NIH Account to your AnVIL profile

> To do this, open your Terra account and go to your Profile (click the three horizontal lines in the top left corner, then click on your username to go to the Profile page). Next, look for the tab labeled "External Identities". Finally, click "log in to RAS" under the NIH Researcher Auth Service (RAS) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with controlled-access data, it's very important that online platforms can verify your identity as a researcher.

We suggest using your institutional email to log in to AnVIL in most cases, **but it is required when working with controlled access data**.

> As part of new federal government security policies, Terra is required to integrate with the NIH Researcher Authentication Service (RAS) for identity proofing and enhanced security.  In order to link your NIH authorization to Terra, users of eRA Commons must transition to the use of Login.gov or ID.me credentials to access AnVIL controlled-access data in Terra. See [here](https://support.terra.bio/hc/en-us/articles/32634034451099-RAS-Integration-for-AnVIL-Data) for more details and instructions.

To link your NIH account to your AnVIL profile, go to [anvil.terra.bio/#profile](https://anvil.terra.bio/#profile). Next, look for the tab labeled "External Identities". Finally, click "log in to RAS" under the NIH Researcher Auth Service (RAS) section.

> Linking with RAS will allow Terra to automatically determine if you can access controlled datasets hosted in Terra based on your valid passport visas or your valid dbGaP applications via eRA Commons. Terra currently supports RAS authentication for AnVIL. 
```
Pulled some info from the profile page!
